# Thesis-bachelor-Project
User Response Pattern Analysis from the Emails Sent As Marketing Email
User response and behaviour pattern will be analysed from the bulk emails sent to the customers as marketing purpose. Organization such as online shop or company operating business via online are often send email or newsletter to its consumer or subscriber, which may term as marketing mail. However, how the organization know that they are succeeding via email or how much subscriber that they are currently concurrence with. Here succeeding refers replying email from customer or online response. As response rate as well as response speed increases, the scale of succeeding goes higher. In this paper, it is clearly described how this key term can be modified so that the conversion rate will increase. Response time, response rates and ratio of electronic mail were compared. Response representativeness is more important than response rate in survey research. However, response rate is much more important if it firmly holds representativeness. In this paper, the effects of online marketing strategies on relationship and brand quality, customer’s behavioural pattern and attitudinal responses is compared and studied. This article presents the benefits and issues with online marketing email surveys as it relates to response rate, response time, speed of response, representativeness of the surveys and differences cause of different survey media. Analysing the response data for two different online surveys showed response patterns consistency. This study suggests that surveying two different data sample and analysing their response data can allow a researcher to approximate the parameters of response data for a large-scale survey and thus conduct a detail study in a far more effective and efficient way.
 
